
MIG FEATURES

    Requires only PHP. Will run on Windows, Unix, any web server
    that can run PHP scripts.

    "Drop and Go" gallery addition. Just create a directory and put
    some images in it (create thumbnails, if you want), and you're
    done.

    Any number of folders and subfolders can be used.

    Each image can have a comment attached (so can folders).

    Easy navigation system to move around the folder tree as well as
    going from one image to the next or previous image in the same
    folder.

    Plug-in mode for PHP-Nuke users.

    Scripts are included to create thumbnail images, extract
    embedded comments from images.

    Single configuration file for all site-wide options.

    Thumbnails can be a single type (such as GIF) regardless of what
    the actual images are (JPG, GIF, PNG, etc...).

    Thumbnails can be in the same directory, or in a special
    thumbnail subdirectory.

    Page layout is template-based so you can modify the look and
    feel of your gallery.

    Folders and/or images can be marked as "hidden" to keep them
    away from prying eyes.

    Folders can be password-protected for extra protection.

    Items can be sorted according to your tastes (or left alone will
    be sorted alphabetically).

    Thumbnails can be suppressed altogether for people who don't
    care to use them.

    Support for multiple languages exists (the choice of languages
    is limited to what people have volunteered to translate for me).
    Currently available are English, French, German, Norwegian,
    Portugese, Finnish, Romanian, Russian (Windows-1251 and KOI8-R),
    Turkish, Swedish and Danish.

    "jump" tags can be used to have shorter URLs going to specific
    folders.

    Thumbnails have the image comment as an ALT tag so hovering over
    a thumbnail can show the associated comment. This behavior can
    be turned off optionally.

    A file-include system as a part of the template system so you
    can include your own files in MiG templates (HTML, PHP, plain
    text, etc).

